what of YouTube game sure-shot here man
is gonna go where some see salsa names
to in particular that you're going to
need for ranked play first one is a I am
neither kami nor piccolo now
we don't want to go to the item shop and
buy double if it go no higher
you want to combine that with us all
echo device and the mixing shot
the disease holes it's gonna have to
grind out legendary Super Saiyan
parallel quests so rank 3 I believe
you're gonna need to get I must protect
grand elders you then you're going to
need to grind out
don't underestimate curse parallel quest
6 you don't have that mission it's
actually you get it from Napa when he's
standing around town so if you don't
have it that's why go talk in
and you're going to go to the mixing
shop and combine doublet but you'll know
higher when I so like oh device and it's
going to give you a god isn't what the
world needs then combined must protect
grand elder guru and don't underestimate
the other to feel the wrath of and the
Miki and finally combine those two and
that will give you I am neither kami and
don't piccolo now
that's a lot to do
second one man if I could just reach my
perfect form just salesy so basically
quite good it's just if you got an
Earthling that regions key it kind of
gives you a double key region
for the mixing SAP you're gonna buy I'm
an Android mix that with an echo device
that's going to get you ba ha ha got you
and then combine that with you'll never
beat an Android you farm that from
parallel quest 27 it's going to give you
Baja thanks for the energy I'm buying
that with now I'm fighting for real you
farm that from parallel quests winning
five
that's gonna give you I'm not not gonna
be that easy
combine that with I'm your brother farm
from parallel quests 23 and that's going
to give you finally if I can just reach
my perfect form I mean I know that's a
lot to do Christmasy souls and some of
them were really hard to get the job the
ones that I farmed from the Android
missions so it was really really a pain
and that don't underestimate her from
parallel quest 6 I just didn't want to
drop from me maybe everyone else to have
better luck than me but they're
definitely worth farming we won't need
these e souls if you're gonna if you're
gonna be BP rather ranked or unranked
hardening I got a cold but uh he didn't
get everything from the video I'll put
in the description exactly what you got
to do to farm the to Z souls hope that
helped everybody out I want to be
uploading my Frieza character build
really soon with some ranked pvp footage
been working hard on getting the footage
so many people quit out in ranked it's
just pathetic so it's in out of that
video probably tomorrow I should
probably get enough footage to finish it
out today yeah I said if you didn't get
everything man just look in the
description and get it man
leave me a like subscribe if you haven't
subscribed
you